{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red242\green242\blue242;\red255\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c96078\c96078\c96078;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13460\viewh9500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Title\
\
Authors\
\
Description\
\
Hypotheses\
\
DESIGN PLAN\
\
Study type: 
\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Observational Study - Data is collected from study subjects that are not randomly assigned to a treatment. This includes surveys, \'93natural experiments,\'94 and regression discontinuity designs.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Blinding: 
\b0 None (no different treatment groups)\
\

\b Study design: 
\b0 Collect 2k annotations for stance in sentences about climate change/global warming.
\b \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Randomization: 
\b0 The order in which the sentences (a mix of 5 screen and non-screen) are presented to workers.\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Existing Data
\b0 : Data collected from 4 pilots (25 non-screen items, 5 screen) w/ 5; 3; 3; 3 annotations per item. Otherwise this registration comes prior to collection of any data.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 Data collection procedures
\b0 : 8 annotators to label stance through Amazon Mechanical Turk over 5 collection rounds. Each HIT of the 5 rounds will have 35; 40; 40; 45; 45 sentences, respectively. (Each HIT will have 5 screen questions.)\
\

\b Sample size
\b0 : 80 annotators per round. Each round will have non-overlapping subset of the full 2,000 sentences, totaling R1=300, R2=R3=400, R4=R5=450. Each round will be divided into 10 HITs with non-overlapping 1/10 of R_n plus 5 screen questions. Each HIT will be assigned to 8 annotators. \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Measured variables
\b0 : Stance labels (agrees, neutral, disagrees) selected by annotators; RTs; demographic variables (age, gender, level of education, political party, state of residence, responses to 6 personal likert questions).\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 Indices
\b0 : Mean stance per item: the mean of the labels (agrees=1, neutral=0, disagrees=-1) over all annotators for an item.\
MACE competence/predictions?\
If find an effect from party--drop annotations s.t. balance of annotations per item from D and R?\cf0 \
\

\b \cf4 Data exclusion
\b0 : \
Based on the results of the pilot rounds, we decide on the following exclusion criteria:\
\'95 Turkers   who   choose   agrees/disagrees   on a  screen  question  for  which  the  authors have  determined  the  correct  answer  is  disagrees/agrees (the screen questions consist of made-up sentences for which the stance is obvious).\
\'95 For  each  Turker,  we  calculate  the  %items for  which  all  the  other  5  Turkers  chose agrees/disagrees but they chose disagrees/agrees;  if  this  percentage  is  greater than 10%, we exclude them.\
\'95 Turkers whose MACE competence score is < ??\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b Missing data
\b0 : Ignore.\
\
\
\
}